docs: update "Traffic" Plugin docs 3 (#7064)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/request-id.md

| ------------------- | ------- | -------- | -------------- | ------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| header_name         | string  | False    | "X-Request-Id" |                                 | Header name for the unique request ID.                                 |
| include_in_response | boolean | False    | true           |                                 | When set to `true`, adds the unique request ID in the response header. |
| algorithm           | string  | False    | "uuid"         | ["uuid", "snowflake", "nanoid"] | Algorithm to use for generating the unique request ID.                 |

### Using snowflake algorithm to generate unique ID

To use the snowflake algorithm, you have to enable it first on your configuration file (`conf/config.yaml`):

```yaml title="conf/config.yaml"
plugin_attr:
  request-id:
    snowflake:
      enable: true
      snowflake_epoc: 1609459200000
      data_machine_bits: 12
      sequence_bits: 10
      data_machine_ttl: 30
      data_machine_interval: 10
```

> :::warning

Reviewer: I don't see "warning" listed on https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions, please specify which one you'd like to use. Personally I think `:::caution` should do the work.

Reviewer: If you decide to stick with "waring", you can also do a trick like `:::caution Warning`.

Author: Yes, it was supposed to be :::caution WARNING. I missed it. Thank you for pointing it out.

> Please read this documentation before deciding to use the snowflake algorithm. Once it is configured, you cannot arbitrarily change the configuration. Failure to do so may result in duplicate ID being generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read this documentation before deciding to use the snowflake algorithm. Once it is configured, you cannot arbitrarily change the configuration. Failure to do so may result in duplicate IDs.
```
